Home to the Kappa Android Kernel Based on official sources by Sony (4.1.B.1.13) 

The unfortunately mandatory disclaimer:

By installing this kernel you agree that I can't be held responsible for anything that happens to you, your belongings, the people you know, the people you don't know, anything that might be closely or remotely related to you. You install the provided software in your phone and you're sole responsible for what may happen. Can't be blamed if your warranty is now void either. Even coffee may taste different afterwards!

What is it?

This is my attempt at bulding a custom kernel for my needs. To be fast, stable and eat as little battery as possible.
It's mainly "your" kernel, in the sense that it contains contributions/pieces of code / bits of genius by several people, who I wish personally to thank for all they shared. In no particular order:
DooMLoRD
Faux123
an0nym0us_
slade87
...and many, many others...
(Listing above people doesn't mean they directly contributed to the kernel nor that they endorse it. I took either piece of their work to include or was inspired by their works)

What's in it?

This production of KaLabs kitchen is prepared with the finest cutlery available, Linaro GCC 4.7.3.
I've taken a well fed Sony stock 4.1.B.1.13 and prepared " a la Ka recipe"
Removed unnecessary kernel components (e.g. Ethernet 10/100 drivers) - Lighter is better
CWM 6.0.1.2 (compiled from sources, press vol down when the purple led is On at boot - depends on phone model)
CPU Governors (most taken from DooMLoRD sources): brazilianwax, conservative, darkside (New), intellidemand (Default), intellidemand2 (New), interactive, interactivex, lagfree, lionheart (New), minmax, ondemand, performance, powersave, savagedzen, scary, smartass2, smartass, smartassH3 (New), smoothass, userspace
IO Schedulers: BFQ, CFQ, SIO (Default), VR, Zen
SLQB Memory Allocator
Added Ext4 support (Fixed with release 1.3a!)
Swap, ZRam enabled
Cleancache and Frontswap are present too
Google Snappy Compression and Decompression drivers included
Updated Video drivers with Aurora Project's versions
Memcopy included
Tiny RCU is there too
OC up to 1.7GHZ
RO.secure = 0
init.d support
IP Tunneling
Wifi modules in Ramdisk (no need to flash anything. Might require a second boot after the first)
USB OTG Support
Boot Boost (Boot in OC 1.6GHZ, reduces boot by a few seconds)
Patched up to 2.6.32.60
Updated Yaffs2 driver
Ramdisk compressed with LZMA
CIFS Module enabling/disabling via KaMenu (*)
NTFS Module enabling/disabling via KaMenu (*)
FUSE Module enabling/disabling via KaMenu (*)
HFS Plus Module enabling/disabling via KaMenu (*) (New)
This Kernel plays safely with any ROM based on stock ICS.

(*) KaMenu is new with release 1.3

Either via "adb shell" or a Terminal on the device itself, execute kamenu and follow the onscreen menu to enable or disable CIFS/NTFS/FUSE.
Once enabled, they are loaded and automatically loaded at boot too (via init.d script). Follow the same procedure to disable them.


Supported models

The aim is to provide with builds for:
Mango - Mini Pro
Smultron - Mini
Coconut - LWW
Satsuma - Active

Installation

The installation is no different than other custom kernels.
First make sure you have an unlocked bootloader
When your phone is turned off, press the up vol button and connect your phone to your computer (Fastboot mode)
You must see the led turning blue
Either via Flashtool or via command line (fastboot -i 0x0fce flash boot THEKERNEL) flash the kernel to your phone
You must see "0 bad blocks encountered" in the log. In case you see, it's safe to disconnect and reboot, otherwise redownload the kernel and try flashing again.
There you go...

